# Welcome to Danis Alfonso's GitHub Repository

My name is Danis Alfonso Ramírez, I was born in the Central America country of Honduras in 1989. From 2014 to 2019, I taught physics at various institutions in my home country, spending most of that time at the main university in Honduras, the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras (UNAH). I do not hold a PhD; I was hired primarily as an "emergency" teacher due to a shortage of personnel in the physics department, a field that, understandably, is not the most popular choice among students in that country. A lot of things has happened since then; I quit my job and I find right now far away from my home country, occupying myself, as it is not uncommon for many people, in the struggle for existence. I have visited many places, in search of what I myself do not know, a purpose, one may sometimes say, I have discovered a path the leads to the infinity of void, I have done so many things, and yet nothing at all. 

My first encounter with programming does not date back to my childhood (I grew up in the jungle, back then I didn’t even know computers existed), as I would have liked some time ago, but rather came later. It began with the mandatory introductory C++ programming course that physics students have to take, and continued with sporadic and circumstantial uses of Python, weather in relation to teaching or for personal use. Afterward, for years and years, I had zero contact with the subject. I think that programming is not merely a source of pain, torture, anguish, torment and so on, but can also be a source of entertainment, recreation and fun, at least under the right circumstances, for some people. My programming skills are a somewhat worse than mediocre, —and, in fact, I’m being quite generous with myself here, I could more accurately say, significantly worst—but that doesn’t mean I won’t savor the bittersweet challenge of it all. 

Weather by destiny, fortune or misfortune, life demands attention to other matters, yet, in my leisure moments, I work in small projects that are useful—or at least useful to me—and with any luck, they may prove beneficial to others as well. 

Feel free to browse my repositories and see if you find anything useful. Enjoy your programming!
